Reflect changes to the storage location of durability policies (#1040)
vitessio/website: content/en/docs/15.0/user-guides/configuration-basic/durability_policy.md

[EmergencyReparentShard](../../configuration-advanced/reparenting/#emergencyreparentshard-emergency-reparenting) and [PlannedReparentShard](../../configuration-advanced/reparenting/#plannedreparentshard-planned-reparenting) will use the durability rules while choosing the correct candidate for promotion.

> This configuration should be stored in the topo server in the keyspace record using the command [CreateKeyspace](../../../reference/programs/vtctldclient/vtctldclient_createkeyspace/) or [SetKeyspaceDurabilityPolicy](../../../reference/programs/vtctldclient/vtctldclient_setkeyspacedurabilitypolicy/).

Reviewer: "should be" or "must be" ?

Author: Fixed

{{< info >}}
Currently the durability policies are not used to setup semi-sync in EmergencyReparentShard or PlannedReparentShard. All the RPCs are still using the `--enable_semi_sync` flag on vttablet to setup semi-sync. This flag is currently being used for promotion rules and to log discrepancies in semi-sync setup. Nonetheless, this flag should be specified correctly for upgrade considerations to future releases when the durability policies will be used to setup semi-sync and `--enable_semi_sync` is deprecated.
{{< /info >}}

> In case you notice any logs that look like the following, please check that your vttablet configuration and keyspace record in topo match:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you notice any logs like the following, please verify that your vttablet configuration and keyspace record in topo match:
```

Author: Fixed

```
invalid configuration - semi-sync should be setup according to durability policies, but enable_semi_sync is not set
```
```
invalid configuration - semi-sync should be setup according to durability policies, but the tablet is not primaryEligible
```

> If `--enable_semi_sync` is set on the vttablets, then `semi_sync` durability policy should be stored in the keyspace record. If semi-sync is not being used then the durability policy should be `none`.

Reviewer: Same question about "should" vs "must"

Author: Fixed
